Update the Halogen guide for Halogen 5 (#658)
purescript-halogen/purescript-halogen: docs/guide/02-Introducing-Components.md

### Actions

Halogen components can update state, perform effects, and communicate with other components in response to events that arise internally. Components use an "action" type to describe what kinds of things a component can do in response to internal events.

Our counter has two internal events: a click event on the button to decrement the count and a click event on the button to increment the count. We can describe what our component should do in response to these events using a data type we'll call `Action`:

```purs
data Action = Increment | Decrement
```

This type signifies that our component is capable of incrementing and decrementing. In a moment, we'll see this type used in our HTML -- another example of Halogen's declarative nature.

Just like how our state type had to be paired with an `initialState` function that describes how to produce a `State` value, our `Action` type should be paired with a function called `handleAction` that describes what to do when one of these actions occurs.

```purs
handleAction :: forall o m. Action -> H.HalogenM State Action () o m Unit
```

As with our input type, we can leave type variables open for types that we aren't using. 

> * The type `()` means our component has no child components. We could also leave it open as a type variable, because we aren't using it, but `()` is so short that you'll see this commonly used.

Author: ```suggestion
* The type `()` means our component has no child components. We could also leave it open as a type variable because we aren't using it -- `slots`, by convention -- but `()` is so short you'll see this type commonly used instead.
```

* The `o` type parameter is only used when your component communicates with a parent.
* The `m` type parameter is only relevant when your component performs effects.

Since our counter has no child components we'll use `()` to describe them, and because it doesn't communicate with a parent or perform effects we'll leave the `o` and `m` type variables open.

Here's the `handleAction` function for our counter:

```purs
handleAction :: forall o m. Action -> H.HalogenM State Action () o m Unit
handleAction = case _ of
  Decrement -> 
    H.modify_ \state -> state - 1

  Increment ->
    H.modify_ \state -> state + 1
```

Our `handleAction` function responds to `Decrement` by reducing our state variable by 1, and to `Increment` by increasing our state variable by 1. Halogen provides several update functions you can use in your `handleAction` function; these ones are commonly used:

* `modify` allows you to update the state, given the previous state, returning the new state
* `modify_` is the same as `modify`, but it doesn't return the new state (thus you don't have to explicitly discard the result, as you would with `modify`)
* `get` allows you to retrieve the current state

> * `gets` allows you to retrieve the current state and also apply a function to it (most commonly, `_.property` to retrieve a particular field from a record)

Reviewer: > most commonly, `_.property` to 

Should this be "`_.fieldName` to retrieve a particular field from a record" ? Or rephrase it to, "`_.property` to retrieve a field name `property` from a record."

Author: ```suggestion
* `gets` allows you to retrieve the current state and also apply a function to it (most commonly, `_.fieldName` to retrieve a particular field from a record)
```
